README.md, before:

# botify-sdk-middlewares

This package contains multiple middlewares allowing to customize and optimize  Botify SDK's behaviour. Including local storage caching, request batching, api result post processing.


## Influences

The middleware pattern used in this package has been greatly influenced by [Redux](https://github.com/rackt/redux) middlewares.


## Installation
```
npm install --save botify-sdk-middlewares
```

You’ll also need the Botify SDK (core).
```
npm install --save botify-sdk
```

## Usage
Use `applyMiddleware` function to apply middlewares you need.

```JS
import { applyMiddleware, middlewares } from 'botify-sdk-middlewares';
const { lscacheMiddleware, apiErrorMiddleware } = middlewares;
import baseSdk from 'botify-sdk';

const sdk = applyMiddleware(
  apiErrorMiddleware,
  lscacheMiddleware
)(baseSdk);
```
**<!> Becareful: order maters.** (read middleware's documentation **requirement section**).


## Documentation
- [Introduction](https://github.com/botify-labs/botify-sdk-js-middlewares/blob/master/docs/introduction.md)
- [How to write your own middleware](https://github.com/botify-labs/botify-sdk-js-middlewares/blob/master/docs/howToWriteYourOwnMiddleware.md)
- [Middlewares docs](https://github.com/botify-labs/botify-sdk-js-middlewares/tree/master/docs/middlewares)

Note: examples are written with ES6 syntax but nothing prevents you to use this lib (and create middlewares) with plain old school JavaScript.


## Commands

- `npm run lint`: lint sources and tests using ESlint.
- `npm test`: launch tests
- `npm run test:watch`: watch files and execute the tests whenever sources or tests change.

Commit message:

Update docs and add postinstall script

README.md, after:

# botify-sdk-middlewares

This package contains multiple middlewares allowing to customize and optimize  Botify SDK's behaviour. Including local storage caching, request batching, api result post processing.


## Influences

The middleware pattern used in this package has been greatly influenced by [Redux](https://github.com/rackt/redux) middlewares.


## Installation
```
npm install --save botify-sdk-middlewares
```

You’ll also need the Botify SDK (core).
```
npm install --save botify-sdk
```

## Usage
Use `applyMiddleware` function to apply middlewares you need.

```JS
import { applyMiddleware, middlewares } from 'botify-sdk-middlewares';
const { lscacheMiddleware, apiErrorMiddleware } = middlewares;
import baseSdk from 'botify-sdk';

const sdk = applyMiddleware(
  apiErrorMiddleware,
  lscacheMiddleware
)(baseSdk);
```
**<!> Becareful: order maters.** (read middleware's documentation **requirement section**).

### AMD or script tag old school way
A bundle is available in `dist/botify-sdk-middlewares.min.js`. It exposes the global variable `BotifySdkMiddlewares`.


## Documentation
- [Introduction](https://github.com/botify-labs/botify-sdk-js-middlewares/blob/master/docs/introduction.md)
- [How to write your own middleware](https://github.com/botify-labs/botify-sdk-js-middlewares/blob/master/docs/howToWriteYourOwnMiddleware.md)
- [Middlewares docs](https://github.com/botify-labs/botify-sdk-js-middlewares/tree/master/docs/middlewares)

Note: examples are written with ES6 syntax but nothing prevents you to use this lib (and create middlewares) with plain old school JavaScript.


## Commands

- `npm run lint`: lint sources and tests using ESlint.
- `npm test`: launch tests
- `npm run test:watch`: watch files and execute the tests whenever sources or tests change.
